Hi, everyone, in this letter, we are going to synchronize the range input and the number input.
All right, so what do I exactly mean?
So this is the application where we are working, this is project number 18.
Whenever it's project number 18, it's our current project.
And whenever it doesn't say the number of project, then this is the final version that I've created
before recording.
All right.
So if I go ahead and if I decrease the number, the range, the number input is going to get decrease.
And if I increase it, the number input is going to get increased.
So this is the very first thing that real in JavaScript that we are going to attempt because we want
these two to be sync.
So.
It doesn't matter if you grab the reins slider and go a go to like higher numbers, a higher number
of characters or lower, or you get the number and you just click the range, you can see that the range
is actually moving like that.
All right.
So we want to synchronize them in this video.
So for that, let's head into our after JS file.
All right.
So first off, we are going to grab.
Our range Slider's so for the free range, for the input, which has a type of range, we have an idea
of range Dasch range of characters or range that are so I'm just going to call it characters range characters.
All right.
And we are going to say document dot, query selector.
I'm going to I'm going to you know what?
I'm not going to declare a selector.
I'm just going to do get Alamin by IED and I'm just going to pass and the ID we can do the same thing
for our number.
So let's just replace it to a number of characters.
All right.
So the next thing that I want to do is so for this video, this is the selection.
Of course, there is a lot more elements that we need to select.
Then we need to select and store inside variables inside our JavaScript file.
But we are going to do them whenever we get to those sections.
All right.
So in here, what I'm going to do is I'm just going to write, sing, run Zink, they spell it correctly.
I hope so.
Synchronising range and no inputs, right?
So so first stuff I want to do is I'm going to grab a range of characters and I'm going to add an event
listener to it and the event is going to listen for an input event.
All right.
So whenever we are changing our the number, the no input or the range input, the we are not looking
for a change event.
We are looking for an input often because their input form elements.
Right.
So whenever the event of input has been fired or has fired or has been received, we are going to run
a function that is called sync character amount.
Right.
And the reason that I call it this is synchronize the character amount because we are now working.
The first step is to work with the amount of characters that we want our application to have.
So that is going to be the first functionality of this application.
Now I'm going to do the same thing for our number of characters and in the process, no characters.
And in the process I'm going to call the same function.
So this is the good thing about functions.
Functions can be called multiple times.
All right.
So in here, what I'm going to do is I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to create the function.
So instead of and now this is what I've done differently.
We usually go ahead and create the function here and define the function inside the event.
Listener at the same time.
But now, because the function has been repeated twice, so there is no reason for me to define the
function once here and then a second time here, so I can just create the function down here and I can
call it multiple times.
That is like the basic ideology of functions.
So let's go ahead and let's create a function.
The function name, of course, is sync character amount.
And as an argument, as a parameter, we're going to pass in the event object and let's go ahead and
let's create a constant inside which we are going to store something.
So before doing that, let's go ahead and let's cancel log something.
Let's first of cancel Lagoa event object.
So what is our event object in this context and the context of this event, which is the input event?
What is our event object?
What does it contain?
So if I come here to Carnita, not sources console.
So now if I go ahead and if I click on any of them, this is our event.
And if I even click on this, we are going to get our event object.
So let's dive in there.
So this is our event.
All right.
What is the target?
This is what we are looking for usually.
All right.
So the target specifies where we have clicked.
Wherever you click, that is the target of our event object.
So you can see when I hover on it, it highlights this range slider.
So technically, if I hover on this target, it should highlight this no input and it does.
So we are going to grab our target and inside the target, what is it exactly that we want to grab?
It is the value of that specific input that we want to grab.
So let's go ahead.
Now, it says the value is, for example, three.
I'm going to trash it and I'm going to do it one more time, it says The Values for so let's go into
Target and let's look for value.
Evy, come on, the so did we pass it?
Where is the V?
Oh, feed value should be right here somewhere.
Is it alphabetical or not?
OK, let's look for it.
Where is the value?
I think the value does not come from here, I think it comes from here.
This is the value, right.
But I think we should be able to get it in here.
So this is event target.
These are all the methods.
I think it comes only from the from the e-mail.
I don't see it here.
And that's why we provided with Disvalue Attribute.
All right, no, no, it doesn't come from here.
So when we get the target, it means that we have successfully selected our input.
And now you see I just clicked on it.
So I'm just going to go go back to here.
So if I go ahead on the target and if I click, I'm redirected back to my e-mail.
This is the original markup.
And in here, dot value is going to give me this value.
This value is by default one, but we can change it.
Whenever I change this, the value is going to change.
So this is what the target value is going to give us.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to grab the EDAR target.
Dot value.
OK, and I'm going to store it inside a variable, the variable name, I'm going to call it value.
Amount.
All right.
All right, so this is the value amount.
Now, this is this is going to give us exactly the number of characters that we have because this value
is going to give us a number.
OK, and that number is the same for our input type of range and input type of number, because they
have the same minimum point and the same maximum point and the same value.
So now we can synchronize them.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to grab my wrench characters variable and I'm going to say that
value.
And I'm telling it that your value should be the value amount.
Also, the number of characters, and I'm telling this, that your value should also be the same thing.
So now the range characters value is value amount and the numbers character value is the value amount.
So let's save it.
Let's come here.
So technically now it should work.
There is a concern and, oh, here it is.
So if I click here now get you guys can see that the range is working because now both of them have
the same value.
So if I increase or decrease either of them, they are in sync.
All right.
So this is what I wanted to do in this lecture.
See you guys in the next one.